< possible starter slide >
Hi all. Timo Koski here. Thrilled to be here with you. And thanks already for all the great interesting pitches we’ve seen.
Our team (Meike, Kristina, and myself) feel very priviledged to present for this well-informed audience. :) So with that, let's go!
-
< climate change meme picture >
So, climate change. The deeply substantial change that we all see around us. It affects us in many ways, and most of us would love to do our best to fight it - to mitigate the risks and avoid the looming disaster.
Even though single individual’s efforts only go so far – and might feel somewhat miniscule or meaningless from time to time in our global context, they still send a very clear and motivating message to all others, including our politicians and businesses. We all want to do something with our everyday choices. We want to choose the more ecological path wherever we can.
-
< tablet vs pen paper picture >
Our team has chosen a topic less addressed, but probably very close to all students' hearts. Note taking. So, what we want to do, is to help each and everyone of us to determine if it would be more ecological to use digital appliances or stick to the traditional pen and paper. 
-
< mock-up map picture with recycling rate & energy production graphs >
We are building a map-based tool – application - in which you can refer to your precise country. It will for example bring up the energy production volumes and types in the given country (such as a share of wind, solar or coal in the network) – or (as a second example) paper recycling rates, to highlight to what extent we are able to reuse those well-served notes. And with all this information, we then come up with a conclusion, suggestion for you, and help everyone to pick up more ecological option; should one pick up the pen, or rather purchase a tablet, to reduce one's ecological footprint while taking notes.
-
< Thank you slide, with release date of 1.11.2021 >
We will be releasing the product on 1st of November 2021. And we would love to see you all give it a go and hop on board for more ecological world. Thanks a lot for your attention.
