Technical report: The technical report is simply an essay you can return in PDF (max 5 pages). 
This is the place to use the technical terminology, and refer to all the methods you used backend and normally wouldn't interest your target audience. 
Reflect on your initial project proposal: what worked? What didn't (and why)? 
What changes did you have to make from your initial plan and why? 
Tell us about your experience, technical implementation of the project and reflect on your learning outcomes. 
The structure of the report is up to you. 
If it helps, you can use the elements of the project proposal, e.g. data collection, preprocessing, visualisations, machine learning, communication of results, building the platform, etc.

-

Challenges:
- After we had decided on a question we wanted to address in our group work, we begun data exploration to see if we can find evidence to build a proper argument. It posed 
a real challenge. Production processes for tablets and paper are complex and diverse. And same goes for energy production and recycling. Respectively, data were 
overwhelming. We skimmed through around ten data sources to get an idea what we are looking at.
- After we had a bit of general understanding, it was time to start reitereate the question and decide onto what we want really to focus on. Narrowing the project down 
was hard. In the end, we deemed that production process was just too broad issue to be handled within the boundary condition presented by the course schedule. Thus we 
decided to look at ecology of use through energy consumption and add paper recycling as a second point of view.
- Keeping our story and point of view in mind, when doing initial data analysis and preprocessing, we drifted a bit. Even after narrowing the project down 
data was partially a bit overwhelming and thus made it difficult to draw clear connections and conclusions to our original idea. Example of this would be the generality 
of the owid energy data, which was harder than expected to connect into our train of thought.

Process:
- Setting up collaboration environments in Google Drive and GitHub
- For initial data analysis we loaded the data into Jupyter Notebook, and familiarized ourselves with the contens of the four source sets. One of the data sets (owid) was
so complex, that we needed to slice it down for smaller segments to identify what story it was telling us, and in what way we could derive some value from it. Overall analysis
included slicing, plotting, sampling and simple calculations. For recycling data set it was less obvious what data set should we use (ended up identifying paper & cardboard 
packaging data as best option).
- After initial commit, more formal folder structure was created to enable better collaboration and general easiness of use. Also one bug fix with file extensions was fixed.
- When planning preprocessing, noticed that some additional information from paper produciton industry is required. Found one report from industry and added that as supplementary document.


